adding 66 to 68 files (#145)
data-umbrella/event-transcripts: 2022/67-alex-image.md

```
## Timestamps
00:00 Help us add timestamps
```
https://github.com/data-umbrella/event-transcripts/issues/92

## About the Speaker
Alex is a researcher working with outreach and programming on data science and computer vision. He is a maintainer of scikit-image, a collection of algorithms for image processing that is part of the scientific Python ecosystem. Alex is an open source and free software enthusiast since his first interaction with Linux in the 2000s, contributing to several projects and events worldwide.

- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexdesiqueira/
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/alexdesiqueira
- GitHub: https://github.com/alexdesiqueira/

## Video:  ** NEED TO UPDATE **
<a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=NbmdFJsnuuo" target="_blank"><img src="http://img.youtube.com/vi/NbmdFJsnuuo/0.jpg"

> alt="Reshama Shaikh: An Example Pull Request to PyMC" width="50%" /></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alt="Hamel Husain: How to Make Open Source Contributions to Fastai" width="50%" /></a>
```
